They ask can you have it all, faith and gold
But my pain is rich, my story is bold
From scholars and kings to the traders who've thrived
With Islam in my heart I learn and I rise
Faith in my heart, a mindset to grow
Building my dreams with the seeds that I sow
I can be wise, I can be strong
Being Muslim won't hold me back at all
I am Muslim, I stand tall
Success and faith, I claim them all
With God as my guide and love in my soul
There are no limits, I'm reaching my goal
When Europe was lost in shadows so deep
We lit up the world, gave knowledge to keep
Our quarries mirror numbers that shaped every trade
I've seen our healed hearts with the sign team made
From Baghdad to Spain, our wisdom would shine
Libraries, medicine, art so divine
We built the foundation for futures untold
While the world was in darkness, I'm rushing to go
Faith in my heart, a mindset to grow
Building my dreams with the seeds that I sow
I can be wise, I can be strong
Being Muslim won't hold me back at all
I am Muslim, I stand tall
Success and faith, I claim them all
With God as my guide and love in my soul
There are no limits, I'm reaching my goal
It all can be done, with more faith than you've got
In yourself and the people you love
So walk with pride, stand up tall
You can have it, yes you can have it all